expo/modules/updates/db/entity/UpdateAssetEntity.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.entity.UpdateAssetEntity
expo/modules/updates/manifest/ManifestFactory.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.ManifestFactory
expo/modules/updates/loader/Crypto.java
 expo.modules.updates.loader.Crypto
 expo.modules.updates.loader.Crypto$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.Crypto$RSASignatureListener
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesService.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesService
expo/modules/updates/launcher/SelectionPolicy.java
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.SelectionPolicy
expo/modules/updates/manifest/NewManifest.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.NewManifest
expo/modules/updates/launcher/NoDatabaseLauncher.java
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.NoDatabaseLauncher
expo/modules/updates/BuildConfig.java
 expo.modules.updates.BuildConfig
expo/modules/updates/db/enums/UpdateStatus.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.enums.UpdateStatus
expo/modules/updates/manifest/Manifest.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.Manifest
expo/modules/updates/manifest/ManifestMetadata.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.ManifestMetadata
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesModule.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule$1
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule$2
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesModule$3
expo/modules/updates/db/Converters.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.Converters
 expo.modules.updates.db.Converters$1
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesInterface.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesInterface
expo/modules/updates/manifest/ManifestResponse.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.ManifestResponse
expo/modules/updates/db/dao/UpdateDao.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.dao.UpdateDao
expo/modules/updates/launcher/SelectionPolicyFilterAware.java
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.SelectionPolicyFilterAware
expo/modules/updates/db/Reaper.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.Reaper
expo/modules/updates/db/entity/UpdateEntity.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.entity.UpdateEntity
expo/modules/updates/manifest/BareManifest.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.BareManifest
expo/modules/updates/db/dao/JSONDataDao.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.dao.JSONDataDao
expo/modules/updates/db/entity/AssetEntity.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.entity.AssetEntity
expo/modules/updates/db/dao/AssetDao.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.dao.AssetDao
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesController.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesController
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesController$1
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesController$2
expo/modules/updates/manifest/LegacyManifest.java
 expo.modules.updates.manifest.LegacyManifest
expo/modules/updates/launcher/DatabaseLauncher.java
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.DatabaseLauncher
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.DatabaseLauncher$1
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesPackage.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesPackage
expo/modules/updates/db/DatabaseHolder.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.DatabaseHolder
expo/modules/updates/launcher/SelectionPolicyNewest.java
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.SelectionPolicyNewest
expo/modules/updates/db/enums/HashType.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.enums.HashType
expo/modules/updates/db/entity/JSONDataEntity.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.entity.JSONDataEntity
expo/modules/updates/loader/EmbeddedLoader.java
 expo.modules.updates.loader.EmbeddedLoader
expo/modules/updates/loader/LoaderTask.java
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$1$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$2
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$3
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$3$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$BackgroundUpdateStatus
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$Callback
 expo.modules.updates.loader.LoaderTask$LoaderTaskCallback
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesConfiguration.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesConfiguration
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesConfiguration$CheckAutomaticallyConfiguration
expo/modules/updates/launcher/Launcher.java
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.Launcher
 expo.modules.updates.launcher.Launcher$LauncherCallback
expo/modules/updates/db/UpdatesDatabase.java
 expo.modules.updates.db.UpdatesDatabase
 expo.modules.updates.db.UpdatesDatabase$1
expo/modules/updates/loader/RemoteLoader.java
 expo.modules.updates.loader.RemoteLoader
 expo.modules.updates.loader.RemoteLoader$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.RemoteLoader$2
 expo.modules.updates.loader.RemoteLoader$LoaderCallback
expo/modules/updates/UpdatesUtils.java
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesUtils
 expo.modules.updates.UpdatesUtils$1
expo/modules/updates/loader/FileDownloader.java
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$2
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$2$1
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$3
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$4
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$AssetDownloadCallback
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$FileDownloadCallback
 expo.modules.updates.loader.FileDownloader$ManifestDownloadCallback
